what's going on everybody I'm syv piz
I'm the founder of AD conversion we
teach B2B marketers how to skill paid
ads with free advertising courses Tau by
the world's best practitioners and in
this video I want to talk to you about
my go-to top 10 LinkedIn ad retargeting
segments that you should use if you want
to really expand your reach scale your
retargeted campaigns and ultimately
reach your users from every possible
angle so without further Ado let's get
into the video now in no order of
priority these top 10 all matter and by
the way this video is part of a
multi-part series on building a multi-
B2B retargeting strategy so this
document that you see me sharing you
right now it's going to be in the
description box down below you can check
out this article but essentially these
are the top SE segments that we want to
build so we've got all website visitors
this is anyone that has visited your
website but one important thing that I
want to emphasize with these different
segments is we want to break them out
based on time frame so aom trap is you
don't segment your time frames and not
all time frames perform equally
sometimes 30-day audiences will perform
better than 90 versus 180 and then by
segmenting your time frames it also
allows you a little bit more flexibility
to then tailor the creative and the
messaging that you're going to run to
those different cohorts of time which we
cover in detail in this article and
we've got more videos that you can
follow along with in this playlist we'll
expand on this topic but as far as your
top segments to use like I mentioned
website visitors anyone that's visited
your website all company page visitors
anyone that's visited your LinkedIn
company page all document interactions
anyone that has interacted with your
document ads if you've ran any all past
event attendees if you've ran any any
LinkedIn events you can create audiences
off of that all Leg gen form opens and
submits all single image ad interactions
anyone that's engaged with your ads all
25 to 97% video viewers if you don't
have a lot of video view completions you
can leave on 25% versus 90 all pricing
demo trial and case study balcers so
anyone that's visited your high intent
pages and they left so anyone that's
visited your demo page and they didn't
convert anyone that visited your free
trial page and they didn't convert this
is an opportunity for you to create a
very specific audience of these
individuals over the last 30 days and
then set up a unique campaign almost
like you can think of it as e-commerce
and abandoned cart where now you're
setting up a unique individual campaign
with personalized creative trying to get
that person back so that they complete
that that thing that you want them to do
whether it's filling out a demo for or
sign up for free trial or any other type
of offer that you're trying to push the
next really important segment is all
meeting Nosh shows so these are people
who expressed interest we want to get
them back they didn't show for the
meeting for whatever reason life gets
busy can we create a campaign assuming
we have enough contacts to then create
this unique retargeting campaign and get
those individuals back into our Pipeline
and then last but not least is all Clos
loss opportunities so any contacts from
deals that you lost in the last 90 or
180 days let's build that as an audience
and then try to get in front of those
individuals as well so the few things
that I want to stress here is you don't
have to have every single one of these
LinkedIn retargeting segments depending
on how much activity you have with your
LinkedIn page with your website how how
old your pixel is how long it's been
installed all these things is going to
basically Define how much flexibility
you have for retargeting let's assume
the worst case scenario you are a brand
new startup you're like me right now at
conversion we're relatively new we're
we're new in the market we're getting
our name Out There Our pixel hasn't been
on our website for very long time we're
basically starting from zero so in my
case I can't build all these 10 segments
I just don't have it I don't have I've
never ran events on LinkedIn yet we
don't have any single image ad
interactions we s any laed our first ad
yet so all I can do for right now is
install the pixel let it build over time
I've already built my company page I'm
working on building the traction on our
company page so we get more viewers and
followers and I will build these
segments so that they populate so then
when they're over the minimum of 300
that LinkedIn requires I can then start
to deploy retargeting campaigns against
them and in my case I won't be able to
segment it by 30 90 or 180 days I might
just have to settle for 90 days the
maximum time frame I can get maybe even
180 initially because I don't have the
flexibility of audience size so if you
don't have the flexibility all in size
just use what you've got and then expand
over time as you have more activity and
more awareness in the market another way
to expedite your reach is to start to
get more aggressive in terms of your
marketing right if you start to get more
people to your website more people to
your company page you start to promote
ads and you start to advertise that's
going to allow you to build your
retargeting audiences a lot faster
so I want to go ahead and hop into the
LinkedIn ads manager and show you how
you could actually build out some of
these segments and what it would look
like I'm going to navigate here into my
LinkedIn ads account we're going to go
to the plan section audiences and let's
show you what it would look like it
would look like something like this
where you'll create one unique
remarketing segment by time frame you
can see I've got one for company visits
one for web visits this is something
that I actually created a while back and
I just never really got around to using
the are the audience is already archived
to start fresh I want to go through each
one of these available options and I
want to build the options that I have at
my disposal so let's start off with
website visits so I like to have
consistent naming conventions it just
makes your life way easier later on when
you're trying to find your audiences so
I always put remarketing in Brackets and
then I put the name of the segment so in
this case it's going to be web visits
and then I put the time frame in
parenthesis so let's say 180 days right
and then I'm going to switch this to 180
days days and then in this case anyone
that has been to my website let's grab
that URL anyone that's been to my
website so contains conversion.com I'm
going to go ahead and agree and create
and now this is going to start to
populate and then within 24 to 48 hours
we will have an audience size hopefully
if we have enough traction that is that
we're going to do that for each one of
these so I will build three variations
of that website visitor segment assuming
you have the size right so some of our
clients that we work some with some
pretty big SAS brands that get tons of
traffic and they have that luxury of
being able to create all these different
cohort segments uh other brands we work
with that are more upand coming they
don't have as much traction yet so we
just stick to one segment of time but
essentially you're going to create this
segment three times over if you have the
flexibility and you'll just go down the
list and choose the ones that are the
most applicable and relevant for you so
the next one for example could be
company page visits so you'd come here
create company page
remarketing and then I would say company
visits 180 days as an example anybody
that visited my page in the last 180
days agree and create and you can see we
don't have as much but hey it's over
that minimum threshold of 300 we could
actually start to use this and deploy
against it I'm actually going to create
this that is pretty much it I hope this
video was valuable and it gives you a
little bit of a cheat sheet that you can
use as a starting point so you can see
all of the different segments that you
can leverage in terms of retargeting you
don't want to just rely on one segment
most people what they do is they just
rely on website visitors and it's a real
shame because uh you have all these
additional segments at your disposal
where you can scale your audience size
one last caveat I want to close out with
here is when you build your campaigns
and you use these segments make sure
that you're not using the condition of
and where someone must have visited
their website and visited your company
page in order for them to be a part of
your audience instead you want to use or
so anyone that visited your website
anyone that visit your company page
anyone that interact with your do
document ads and so on and so forth and
so on and so forth what this is going to
do is it's going to scale your audience
size so maybe with just website visitors
you're only eligible for a th000 people
when you create all these additional
segments and then you add it in there as
an or now maybe you go from a th000 to
10,000 to 100,000 depending on the
activity you have and now you have more
flexibility where you can also layer in
job functions or job titles or
seniorities depending on how big the
audience pool is so that you can get
even more quality out of your
retargeting campaigns so I hope that was
helpful if you have any questions please
let me know in the comments down below
and again this video is part of a
multi-part series on building a B2B
retargeting strategy so if you want
access to this article where I list
everything out or you want to watch more
videos on this topic then check out the
playlist and the next video coming up
I'll see you in the next one